DOC-2268: Add new documentation for `ExportWord` Plugin. (#3072)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/partials/index-pages/premium-plugins.adoc

Export content from {productname} into various formats.

a|
[.lead]
xref:exportword.adoc[Export to Word]

> Exports editor content from into `.docx` file format to local disk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Exports editor content into `.docx` file format and saves to local disk.
```
